the ifbb enter the Roman Colosseum here
at the event center at the mandalay bay
resort and casino with 5,000 plus in the
house and our first competitor is kevin
levrone ii in 1999 kevin was second at
the Arnold Classic this is his eighth
mr. Olympia contest 33 years old 5 foot
9 252 pounds
it's our custom on the mr. Olympia
coverage to watch and listen and to see
the competitors as they did their
routines as they wanted you to see them
so here we go Kevin Levrone
see
sometimes called the Maryland muscle
machine Kevin is believe it or not the
lead singer right now of his own rock
and roll band full-blown full-blown
which is playing the number of clubs in
the Baltimore area
course full-blown is also the name of
Kevin's famous muscle building video
the runner-up in 92 and 95 kevin levrone